models/README.md, before:

# Guide to Writing Your Own Models

## Model Code Organization
For a streamlined experience, we suggest placing the code for all your models within the `models` directory. This is a recommendation for organizational purposes, but it's not a strict requirement.

## Model Base Class
Your models should follow the format from the `DummyModel` class found in [dummy_model.py](dummy_model.py). We provide the example model, `dummy_model.py`, to illustrate the structure your own model. Crucially, your model class must implement the `generate_answer` method.

## Selecting which model to use
To ensure your model is recognized and utilized correctly, please specify your model class name in the [`user_config.py`](user_config.py) file, by following the instructions in the inline comments.

## Model Inputs and Outputs

### Inputs
Your model will receive two pieces of information for every task:
- `query`: String representing the input query
- `search_results`: List of strings, each comes from scraped HTML text of the search query.

### Outputs
The output from your model's `generate_answer` function should always be a string.

## Internet Access
Your model will not have access to the internet during evaluation.

Commit message:

Add query_time as a parameter to the generate_answer interface

models/README.md, after:

# Guide to Writing Your Own Models

## Model Code Organization
For a streamlined experience, we suggest placing the code for all your models within the `models` directory. This is a recommendation for organizational purposes, but it's not a strict requirement.

## Model Base Class
Your models should follow the format from the `DummyModel` class found in [dummy_model.py](dummy_model.py). We provide the example model, `dummy_model.py`, to illustrate the structure your own model. Crucially, your model class must implement the `generate_answer` method.

## Selecting which model to use
To ensure your model is recognized and utilized correctly, please specify your model class name in the [`user_config.py`](user_config.py) file, by following the instructions in the inline comments.

## Model Inputs and Outputs

### Inputs
Your model will receive two pieces of information for every task:
- `query`: String representing the input query
- `search_results`: List of strings, each comes from scraped HTML text of the search query.
- `query_time`: The time at which the query was made, represented as a string.

### Outputs
The output from your model's `generate_answer` function should always be a string.

## Internet Access
Your model will not have access to the internet during evaluation.
